\problemname{Island Alliances}
In a vast ocean there are $N$ islands numbered from $1$ to $N$, where each
island constitutes a sovereign state.

However, the large number of states is making foreign policy a very complicated
matter, so the inhabitants of the islands have decided to simplify things by
joining into larger (but fewer) states. This endeavour has turned out to be
easier said than done, because there are $M$ pairs of islands whose inhabitants
distrust each other and refuse to be part of the same state.

The islanders have sent you $Q$ proposals that you should process in order. The
$i$th proposal calls for the state containing island $a_i$ to merge with the
state containing island $b_i$. If the two states contain a pair of islands
whose inhabitants distrust each other the proposal should be rejected, but
otherwise the proposal should be approved and all the islands in the two states
will henceforth be part of the same state.

Please help the islanders figure out which proposals should be rejected and
which should be approved!

\section*{Input}
The first line of input contains the integers $N$, $M$ and $Q$, where $1 \leq
N,M,Q \leq 200,000$.

The $i$th of the following $M$ lines each contains two integers $u_i$ and $v_i$
($1 \leq u_i,v_i \leq N$, $u_i \neq v_i$), meaning that the inhabitants of
islands $u_i$ and $v_i$ distrust each other. Each pair $(u_i, v_i)$ will be
listed at most once.

The $i$th of the following $Q$ lines each contains the two integers $a_i$ and
$b_i$ ($1 \leq a_i,b_i \leq N$) describing the $i$th proposal. It is guaranteed
that no proposal will ever call for a state to merge with itself, meaning that
at the time when you receive the $i$th proposal, $a_i$ and $b_i$ are guaranteed
to belong to different states.

\section*{Output}
Print $Q$ lines, where the $i$th line should be ``\texttt{REFUSE}'' if the $i$th
proposal should be refused, or ``\texttt{APPROVE}'' if the $i$th proposal should
be approved.

\section*{Subtasks}
\begin{itemize}
    \item $\mathbf{N} \mathbf{\leq} \mathbf{500}$.
    \item $\mathbf{M} \mathbf{\leq} \mathbf{500}$.
    \item \textbf{It is guaranteed that at most one of the proposals should be
    rejected}.
\end{itemize}

